Creation of documentation/implementation guide for Worklist DataGrid (#1826)
cerner/terra-framework: packages/terra-framework-docs/src/terra-dev-site/doc/data-grid/WorklistDataGrid.1/Examples.3/RowSelection.3.doc.mdx

import RowSelection from './RowSelection?dev-site-example';

# Row Selection

### Description
The [Worklist Data Grid](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/data-grid/worklist-data-grid/about) is built to operate in either of two selection modes:
* Cell Selection (_default_)
* **Row Selection**

Row Selection Mode is controlled via a prop and is off by default.

> When creating a Worklist Data Grid that supports Row Selection, the prop has to be explicitly set by the Consumer.

Reviewer: Nit: capitalization

```suggestion
When creating a Worklist Data Grid that supports Row Selection, the prop has to be explicitly set by the consumer.
```

Author: Updated

> Row Selection Mode is controlled via a prop and is off by default. When creating a Worklist DataGrid that supports Row Selection, the prop has to be explicitly set by the Consumer. This example demonstrates a Worklist DataGrid with full support for row selection and can be referenced for [row centric functionalities](http://localhost:8080/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/data-grid/worklist-data-grid/examples/row-selection#implemented-functionality).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Row Selection Mode is controlled via a prop and is `false` by default.
When creating a Worklist DataGrid that supports Row Selection, the prop has to be explicitly set.
This example demonstrates a WorklistDataGrid with full support for row selection and can be referenced for [row centric functionalities](http://localhost:8080/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/data-grid/worklist-data-grid/examples/row-selection#implemented-functionality).
```

Author: Changed sentences in the paragraph to new line in previous commit. I did not take the _false_ keyword suggestion as describing a feature as _on/off_ makes more sense compared to _true/false_.

> Row Selection Mode is controlled via a prop and is off by default. When creating a Worklist DataGrid that supports Row Selection, the prop has to be explicitly set by the Consumer. This example demonstrates a Worklist DataGrid with full support for row selection and can be referenced for [row centric functionalities](http://localhost:8080/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/data-grid/worklist-data-grid/examples/row-selection#implemented-functionality).

Reviewer 2: Why is the localhost url referenced here?

Author: It was by mistake. Removed.

This example demonstrates a Worklist Data Grid with full support for row selection and can be referenced for [row centric functionalities](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/data-grid/worklist-data-grid/examples/row-selection#implemented-functionality).

### Properties required
This example demonstrates a Worklist Data Grid with full support for row selection by utilizing the following [Worklist Data Grid properties](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/data-grid/worklist-data-grid/about#properties):
* hasSelectableRows
* onRowSelect
* onRowSelectAll
* onClearSelectedRows
* onDisableSelectableRows
* onEnableRowSelection

> ## Implemented functionality

Reviewer: Should this section be named something like "Row Selection Interactions" instead? "Implemented functionality" seems quite general for the content of this section, but could just be me

Author: Updated
